feat(nextjs): Add "Dynamic keys" section on `clerkMiddleware` page (#1164)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/nextjs/clerk-middleware.mdx

| `signUpUrl?`                       | `string`             | An alternative sign up URL.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| `publishableKey` | `string` | The Clerk publishable key for your instance. This can be found in your Clerk Dashboard on the **[API Keys](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=api-keys)** page.|
| `secretKey?` | `string` | The Clerk secret key for your instance. This can be found in your Clerk Dashboard on the **[API Keys](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=api-keys)** page. `CLERK_ENCRYPTION_KEY` must be defined when providing `secretKey` as an option, refer to [Server-side options propagation](#server-side-options-propagation) |

### Server-side options propagation

> The `clerkMiddleware` options listed below are propagated to the Next.js application server, making them accessible for server-side helpers like [auth](/docs/references/nextjs/auth):

Author: How to clearly clarify the constraints of redirecting URLs between client-side and server-side usage 🤔 Some options:

- Update `ClerkProvider` properties descriptions to mention that those aren't accessible on server-side helpers such as `auth`
- Update `auth` page to mention that the redirect URLs come from either environment variables or middleware options

- `signUpUrl`
- `signInUrl`
- `secretKey`

> Options are encrypted in request headers for secure server-to-server propagation. When providing a `secretKey` in the options for `clerkMiddleware`, the `CLERK_ENCRYPTION_KEY` becomes mandatory. If no `secretKey` is provided, the `CLERK_ENCRYPTION_KEY` defaults to `CLERK_SECRET_KEY`.

Author: I love that you've mentioned the AES encryption algorithm 😄

> These options are not available for client-side components. To use them, provide them via [ClerkProvider](/docs/components/clerk-provider) or [environment variables](/docs/deployments/clerk-environment-variables).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server-side options passed to middleware are not accessible in client-side components. When passing custom values, make sure they are passed to both your middleware and [ClerkProvider](/docs/components/clerk-provider) or [environment variables](/docs/deployments/clerk-environment-variables).
```

| `signInUrl?`                       | `string`             | An alternative sign in URL.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| `signUpUrl?`                       | `string`             | An alternative sign up URL.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| `publishableKey` | `string` | The Clerk publishable key for your instance. This can be found in your Clerk Dashboard on the **[API Keys](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=api-keys)** page.|

> | `secretKey?` | `string` | The Clerk secret key for your instance. This can be found in your Clerk Dashboard on the **[API Keys](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=api-keys)** page. The `CLERK_ENCRYPTION_KEY` environment variable must be  when providing `secretKey` as an option, refer to [Dynamic keys](#dynamic-keys). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `secretKey?` | `string` | The Clerk secret key for your instance. This can be found in your Clerk Dashboard on the **[API Keys](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=api-keys)** page. The `CLERK_ENCRYPTION_KEY` environment variable must be set when providing `secretKey` as an option, refer to [Dynamic keys](#dynamic-keys). |
```

### Dynamic keys

The following options, known as "Dynamic Keys," are shared to the Next.js application server through `clerkMiddleware`, enabling access by server-side helpers like [`auth()`](/docs/references/nextjs/auth):
- `signUpUrl`
- `signInUrl`
- `secretKey`
- `publishableKey`

Dynamic keys are encrypted and shared during request time using a [AES encryption algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard). When providing a `secretKey`, the `CLERK_ENCRYPTION_KEY` environment variable is mandatory and used as the encryption key. If no `secretKey` is provided to `clerkMiddleware`, the encryption key defaults to `CLERK_SECRET_KEY`.

> When providing `CLERK_ENCRYPTION_KEY`, a 128-bit, pseudorandom value should be used.

Reviewer: We can suggest the usage of `openssl` to easily generate a key (need to wrap the command in back ticks, breaks suggestion formatting):

```suggestion
When providing `CLERK_ENCRYPTION_KEY`, it is recommended to use a 32-byte (256-bit), pseudorandom value. You can use `openssl` to generate a key:

$ openssl rand --hex 32
```
